Limit windows fallback to windows environments (#8)
akv-platform/setup-node: README.md

### Caching packages dependencies

> The action has a built-in functionality for caching and restoring npm/yarn dependencies. Supported package managers are `npm`, `yarn`, `pnpm`. The `cache` input is optional, and caching is turned off by default. By default action hashes dependency  
> file from the root of the project. To override file dependency search use `cache-dependency-path`. The field accepts wildcards or  
> input array of files to be cached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action has a built-in functionality for caching and restoring npm/yarn dependencies. Supported package managers are `npm`, `yarn`, `pnpm`. The `cache` input is optional, and caching is turned off by default. By default, action hashes the dependency file from the project root. Use `cache-dependency-path` to specify custom file dependency lookup path. The field accepts wildcards or an array of files to be cached.
```

Reviewer 2: Done. Thank you.
